jet li bazoer put his signature Tuesday afternoon under a contract that him
for three years connecting to ajax the 16 year old defender comes over from psv
look how happy i am drawing you with you often
stay that kind of class
and proud
but I have too
fantastic god at psv
it rains far away
because I am ready for a new step I have chosen it myself
for development
After a bit of Nascom also thank PSV for the time that framework has been
that choice from multiple clubs all kamikazes ethias are right
the gp of the internet
and especially actively opted for ajax that sporting way is better
because such steps showed that two youth players get the chance
it's natural to mine mine
mohawke ridiculously stepped this
the conversation I learn with from the farmer he was there so I learn that he is with us
who did he have that against
such that return
that can actually choose
ask questions
already had to bow
the trainings are now good on the psv but something and
all in all professional footballers as trainers
that it's good
we are completely true
players from ajax
and that and in particular
and look forward to working with you
wind angle
want to train your ease
so because I am not entitled to play
could yesterday
this time scoring start training that rich
of nature in that corner and may or play a match
well out
of course we will be in for an hour
also have with psv and
contact they have received a letter from us
and we have
PSV also informed that we were interested in these players
the ajax will not do anything that is not possible
emiel not now and yes
So
9 Of course we want to see that he can compete as much as possible
play want
we have not known so well for years that saw what kind of football player
media
I'm on for the last half hour
shoot through those shoes
the film three bid inbred the midfield
why does ajax still want an agenda
well we heard that with those with other clubs and washing up
he is a top talent in the netherlands and x a lot
years
also in sion no the growth spurt by the woman
ajax is of course always interested in
in the best players
a night bus
would drive like this
got into conversation and
Of course it is also nice that a top talent stays in the Netherlands and not
as so often very light in england
disappears
well I am the media often talk of a kind of exams and cream and
tactical clubs where you can explain how that works
well we naturally asked smoke here he said ing internally to this
their demolition work ioc 14 years and it was not known
and with the other members of the management either, I don't have to go to Disney's again
platform requested from kpn
but all directors were present and also basel
and
but massively also said he was unaware
so that's probably why it's just not known
and
if there are rules to come and then the kvb would be there
to take a position there
with marcel again a massive month for the cards looking at Kerkrade psv
yes it is also in send a platform to kpn
obeidi but goes
stays that way
that is